alright so now what I've done is I've
cut two more pieces of wire to length
we're going to now solder you know same
thing strip the ends tin the copper tips
hook 1 into 1 terminal one into the
other solder them to the terminals and
then from there well one of them is
going to go to one of those two points
on the circuit board and the other is
going to go to the other of those two
points and then we'll solder them there
and then when we're done with that we'll
close it up and see if thats which does
what we want it to so I'm just going to
kind of get started with that go ahead
and strip the tips of my wires again
here again just all you need it's just a
little tiny bit of exposed metal there
there i just have about an eighth of an
inch i will be plenty maybe a little bit
more for the side that we're going to
hook into that terminal of the switch
itself ok so there's one of our wires
let's get kind of this other one going
here and there's one will use that side
because it's a little longer for the
switch and then we'll do a little one
there good all right so first step
remember we're going to tin little wire
so we're going to clean our tip here
going to get the wire hot I'm just kind
of put it near the solder here you see
you've got my solder coil coming up here
then you get the wire hot and just kind
of let the solder whoops just sort of
let the solder flow kind of right on to
it and there it is that's all it takes I
mean it happens so fast so now the tip
of this wire is tinned and since we're
here we might as well just do the other
side hope there it is happens almost
instantly so going to make just like we
did before we're going to make kind of a
little hook shape here and put the
little circuit board up and we're going
to put it in one of these two you know
well one thing to think about when
you're doing this kind of thing is
sometimes if you make the piece of
exposed wire too long it might even be
long enough to kind of bridge one of the
context in the switch and touch the
other one in which case that's which
isn't going to do its thing so you
really need to make sure that you know
ever
contact you make you know every solder
joint you make really only is you know
bonding the wire that you're interested
in at the contact on the component
you're interested in and really try and
make sure that there's no metal to metal
contact or solder to wire or solder to
con to contact you know connection that
you didn't intend so okay good so now
we've got this one in place